Updated README.md (#3600)
MaterialDesignInXAML/MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit: README.md

Install-Package MaterialDesignThemes
```
* Alter your `App.xaml`

```xml
<Application 
  x:Class="Example.App"
  xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
  xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"
  xmlns:materialDesign="http://materialdesigninxaml.net/winfx/xaml/themes"
  StartupUri="MainWindow.xaml">
    <Application.Resources>
        <ResourceDictionary>
            <ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
                <materialDesign:BundledTheme BaseTheme="Light" PrimaryColor="DeepPurple" SecondaryColor="Lime" />

                <ResourceDictionary Source="pack://application:,,,/MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf;component/Themes/MaterialDesign2.Defaults.xaml" /> 
            </ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
        </ResourceDictionary>
    </Application.Resources>
</Application>
```
* If you want to target Material Design 3, alter the `ResourceDictionary` line in the snippet above to use `MaterialDesign3.Defaults.xaml`.

* Alter your `MainWindow.xaml`

```xml
<Window [...]
  Style="{StaticResource MaterialDesignWindow}"
  [...] >
```

## Building the source

To build the project, following is required:
* Microsoft Visual Studio 2022

> * WPF workload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* .NET desktop development workload
```

  ![Color Tools](src/web/images/screen-colortools.png)
  ![Pickers](src/web/images/screen-pickers.png)
  ![Icons](src/web/images/screen-iconpack.png)
  ![Cards](src/web/images/screen-cards.png)
  ![Menus and Toolbars](src/web/images/screen-menutoolbar.png)
  ![Progress Bars](src/web/images/screen-progress.png)
  ![Dialogs](src/web/images/screen-dialogs.png)
  ![Lists](src/web/images/screen-lists.png)
  ![Tree View](src/web/images/screen-treeview.png)
  ![Sliders](src/web/images/screen-sliders.png)
  ![Chips](src/web/images/screen-chips.png)
  ![Typography](src/web/images/screen-typography.png)
  ![Group Box](src/web/images/screen-groupbox.png)
  ![Snackbars](src/web/images/screen-snackbars.png)
  ![Elevation](src/web/images/screen-elevation.png)
</details>

## More examples

* [Keboo/MaterialDesign.Examples](https://github.com/Keboo/MaterialDesignInXaml.Examples)
* [doobry](http://materialdesigninxaml.net/doobry)
* [F1ix](http://materialdesigninxaml.net/f1ix)
* [Motion List](https://github.com/MaterialDesignInXAML/MotionList)

## Contributing

Before contributing code read the [Contribution Guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
* GitHub issues are for bugs and feature requests.

> * For questions, help and chat in general, please use the [GitHub discussion tab](https://github.com/MaterialDesignInXAML/MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit/discussions) or the [Discord server][discord-server-url].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For questions, help and chat in general, please use the [GitHub discussion tab](https://github.com/MaterialDesignInXAML/MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit/discussions) or the [Discord server](https://discord.keboo.dev).
```

Author: I have a Markdown variable on the bottom of the document because the link is used in multiple locations in the README.md. I'll replace the variable value with `https://discord.keboo.dev`.

Reviewer: Ah I missed that, thanks
